Feat: support port => with field reference (#13)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-udp: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.2.0

>  - Feat: support port => with field reference [#13](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-output-udp/pull/13)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added support for field reference to `port`options [#13](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-output-udp/pull/13)
```
